What you think? I think whoever did this
had a personal beef with this family
because... they made
sure everybody was dead.
Except for one.
What you mean. except for one?
The kid.
So. Dylan. you told my officers
that you saw the guy who
did this to your family.
Can you tell me what happened?
He seemed like he knew my mom.
First they were talking.
Why don't you just give me away then?
I'm used to that.
You need your ass beat
the way that you act.
Why does everything have to be my fault?
Now apologize to your sister.
I ain't saying shit for
something I didn't do.
Watch your mouth.
And he started yelling.
Oh.
Dylan. open the door.
Dylan. what
the hell are you doing?
This isn't funny. Open the door.
Did you see what he looked like?
He was a White guy.
Dylan. this isn't funny.
With a long beard.
Tattoos on his face.
That's all I could see.
I went and hid in the closet.
Oops.
He rode off on a motorcycle.
Well. thank you. Dylan.
That really helps us a lot.
We're gonna get this guy. okay?
Detectives?
Wassup?
If you're done questioning him.
I'd like to sit with him alone?
Do your thing. Marsha.
We're gonna get you somewhere safe. okay?
Yes. Ms. Dyson.
You giving me my baby is amazing.
I'm so excited.
And you should be.
Wow.
Yes.
Hey. How you're doing?
James.
Good to see you.
Good to see you too. Hey. baby.
Mwah.
I am so excited for the both of you. guys.
I know this has been a very long process.
but it's all worth the wait.
We know.
Man. we are over the moon about this.
Yes. Please.
Can you please explain
what you just told me?
Of course.
His name is Dylan.
He's 10 years old.
Not the age you were
looking for but it's close.
Okay. Um. well. what's the backstory line?
Not much information on his birth parents.
nor siblings that we know
of. but he is a good kid.
Got along with everyone
in the home he was previously in.
never been in any trouble.
And what makes us the right family for him?
I know you guys.
and I know that the two of you
are full of love.
Uh-hmm.
And this kid needs that. love.
I think this is the perfect fit.
All right.
Well. please let us know about others.
You know I still want my girl.
Of course.
You two be sure to tell Diane
she owes me dinner.
Oh.
Man. listen.
At this point. y'all need to just go ahead
and get back together. -You
know. you tell her that.
Tell her that.
Oh. but wait.
When can we... when can we pick him up?
Yeah. The paperwork only takes a few days.
so I'd say by Monday of next week.
we'll have Marsha drop
him off at his new home.
Woo! Okay.
- It's pretty soon.
- Wow. Okay.
Awesome.
All right.
Congratulations.
- Thanks. man. Thank you.
I appreciate you. man.
Thank you. Floyd.
Baby.
Let's celebrate.
Babe. it's almost time. Come on.
Ain't you ready?
Oh. my gosh. baby.
Okay. How do I look?
You look as beautiful as ever. baby.
Come on. -Well. what about my hair?
I don't... I don't like it.
It's down and it's giving hot date
and it needs to get weathered. you know?
Baby. Baby. you look fine. okay?
There's no need to touch your hair. okay?
You... -I'm gonna go pull that up.
I'm gonna pull...
Carrie. listen.
Okay.
All right.
Okay. Well. how's my makeup?
Is it doing too much?
'Cause I really don't wanna do too much.
Baby. you are barely wearing any makeup.
You're right. I need to do more.
Oh. my God.
No. Okay. Carrie.
Huh?
Baby.
Calm down. okay?
Okay. Yeah.
All right. Take a deep breath for me.
Come on. You know how we do it.
All right.
Okay.
You look great.
Just like a new mother.
Oh.
Hmm.
We made the right decision. right?
I'm positive we made the right decision.
'Cause. you know. we're just...
I've been waiting for
this moment for a year
and I want everything to be perfect.
And it will be. It will be.
You think he's gonna like his room?
Yeah. Let's go.
Of course. he's gonna like his room.
Okay. Well. um...
they are almost pulling up.
Okay.
You ready?
Yes.
Let's do this.
Thank you.
Of course. baby.
Hi.
Hey.
Come on in.
Welcome.
Hi. Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds.
I'm Marsha from the agency.
Dylan. this is your new family. okay?
Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds. yeah?
Uh. Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds. this is Dylan.
Hello. Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Oh. you are so polite.
But you do not have to
call us Mister and Missus.
You can call us Carrie and James.
or Mom and Pops. or Mom and Dad.
Whatever you're comfortable with. okay?
Okay. Thanks. Mom.
Oh.
Oh. my God. He called me Mom.
He did.
You know what?
I went shopping for all
your favorite foods.
I hear you love popcorn?
Yeah. Caramel's my favorite.
Oh. my gosh. Well. I got
all the caramel popcorn
you could ever dream of in the pantry.
Dope. Thanks. Missus...
I mean. Mom.
I'm a hugger.
Oh.
Good to meet you. champ.
I got you a little something. okay?
So. I hear that you are a football fan?
Yeah.
Is that right?
Uh-hmm.
Oh. good catch.
I'm a huge football fan myself.
so that's huge.
Thanks. I love football.
I wanna be like Jerry Rice someday.
Whoa.
Hold on.
What you know about the Rice Man?
Isn't that before your time?
Football is classic and timeless.
Okay. Uh. we-we're gonna
get along just fine.
Uh-hmm. Like. you two boys can
bond over football all day.
but I think we should
show Dylan his new room?
Yeah. sure. Come on. little homie.
Hey. Let's go check out that drip.
Okay. You take him to see his room.
I'm gonna talk to Marsha.
Okay. Got you.
Yes.
Come on in.
How are you?
Oh. my gosh.
He melts my heart.
I know.
Would you like some coffee. tea. water?
Tea. Tea is good.
Tea?
I can get you some tea.
Tea coming right up.
All right.
Okay.
- Please be careful. It's hot.
- Thank you.
Okay.
Um. I just have some
final paperwork for you.
Okay.
So. I just need your signature
right here.
Okay.
Oh. my gosh. I'm so excited.
I really think Dylan is the perfect fit
for what you and your
husband are looking for.
Yes. I think he's perfect.
And James always wanted a son.
so this is gonna be great.
Well. what about you? Have
you always wanted a son?
Well. I dreamed of having a little girl.
I think every woman wants
a little girl. right?
To play dress up with?
But it never really
mattered to me. the gender.
I'm just happy we found
the perfect fit for us.
You know. not being able to have
my own kids was so hard for me.
But having Dylan here.
it's just bringing me
so much joy right now.
I know it must have been really tough
not being able to conceive.
Yeah. But it's okay.
James and I can still do this.
you know. have a family.
Yeah. you can. And Dylan
is such a great kid.
He's just so smart and respectful.
Yes. yes.
Very helpful. yeah.
He seems so amazing.
I mean. I just wanna give
him the best. you know?
Yeah.
Well. I definitely think he's in good hands
with you and your husband.
You seem like a great family.
Aww. Thank you.
Yes. we are now.
We are a family.
Okay. I know you're hungry.
And I believe I have your
favorite. turkey meatloaf.
All right.
Yeah. it is.
How'd you know? -I know everything.
No. we did some research
before we decided to adopt you
and we found out what you
like and what you don't like.
That way. you would feel so comfortable
and everything would be perfect.
This is the best.
I never had anyone who
actually cared enough for me
to do things like this.
Thanks. Mom.
Oh.
You're welcome. son.
All right. Are you okay. baby?
Yeah.
All right. Well. hey.
let's say grace and dig in.
What do you mean grace?
Well. um...
we ask God to bless our meal before we eat.
so we're able to enjoy.
And also. you know. whatever
we appreciate about our lives
or are thankful for.
we thank God for it just by saying grace.
Wait. You never said grace before?
Not where I lived. no.
Uh. well. it's easy. okay?
All you gotta do is bow your head.
close your eyes and listen.
And when I say "Amen." you just say "Amen."
What does that mean. "Amen?"
It means you agree with whatever I said.
Cool. Amen.
You gotta wait until I say it.
Oh. my bad.
That was pretty bad.
All right. Come on.
I'm playing. Let's just do it.
I'm hungry. Let's go.
Uh-hmm.
All right.
I'm coming.
Hey.
Hi. Carrie.
Come on in. girls.
Hey. girl. Mwah.
Mel.
Hi. Carrie.
Uhhmm.
Oh. my gosh. I am so happy for you.
Thank you.
Where is he?
Oh. he went grocery shopping with James.
Can you believe he has
never been shopping before?
Really?
Yes.
What kind of family was he in?
We don't know much about
his family history.
We just know that he needed a good home.
You want some tea?
Yeah.
Okay. Good.
So. you're telling me
that you did no research
before you adopted him?
That's what the adoption agency is for.
They do all of that for you.
Uh-uh.
Uhhmm.
You can't trust anyone nowadays.
You have to check everything out yourself.
You know how Sam died.
Yeah. I know your husband
died while on duty.
But that's a one out of a million chance
that would happen to anybody.
Exactly.
But he was that one out of a hundred.
Bottom line is it happened.
Yeah. And now you're paranoid all the time
because of his horror stories.
They're not stories if they're true.
This is real-life.
I hear you.
Oh.
Oh. my God.
Hi. baby.
Hey. baby.
Mwah.
Oh.
Hey. what's...
Hi.
Dylan. we were
just talking about you.
Good things. I hope.
Always.
Now. Dylan. this is Ms. Diane...
Hi. -...and her daughter. Melissa.
They're our next-door neighbors.
It's a pleasure to meet both
of you. beautiful ladies.
Oh. my gosh. He is so adorable.
That's my boy.
Well. nice to meet you too. shorty.
Where are you from?
I'm from Hatfield. San Diego originally.
But I bounced around from here to there.
Well. it must be cool to be adopted. huh?
It is. when you have a family like mine.
Aww.
Well. I am so happy you're
with the Reynolds now.
They're an amazing family.
Welcome to the neighborhood. shorty.
Oh. are Melissa and the girls still okay
to come swimming tomorrow?
Oh. sure.
I was gonna ask if you could
watch Dylan for me tomorrow.
Of course. I don't see why not.
Okay.
I love to swim.
Thanks.
Oh. my God! You're so cute.
And Dylan was the Student of the Year
at Hatfield Elementary last year.
Wow! Congratulations. Dylan.
That must've been amazing.
It was.
Oh. I bet you're gonna love
your new school here too.
Oh. well. we gotta get going.
Okay.
Mmm.
Bye.
Bye. Dylan. It's nice to meet you.
All right. ladies.
Research.
Goodbye. Diane.
I love you all.
See you tomorrow. Melissa.
See you tomorrow. Dylan.
Come in.
Hey. son.
Just checking on you. you know?
Wanted to make sure you
didn't need anything
before you go to sleep.
I'm cool. Dad.
Okay.
All right. Well. get some sleep.
You're 10. so I'm not
gonna put you on curfew.
What's a curfew?
Um. it's a certain time
that you have to be in bed.
No. I don't need that.
I usually go to bed around
10:00 or 11:00 every night.
I love to sleep.
It's true.
I'm not gonna lie too.
son. I love my sleep too.
Uh-hmm. Makes me stronger.
Dad?
Yes. son?
Can I ask you a question?
Fire away.
How did you know that Mom was the one?
That's an interesting question. son.
Hey. you got a long way to go
before you think about
finding someone. little man.
I know. I'm just curious.
Well...
honestly... it was love at first sight.
I saw her in a grocery store
and she asked me...
What aisle the beans were in.
She-she thought I worked there
because how I was dressed.
I was offended. furious.
But. uh...
she had the most beautiful smile.
a smile that would light up any room. son.
Most beautiful woman I'd ever seen.
Hmm.
Honestly. son. I-I really
don't know how I knew.
I knew.
You know what I mean. son?
Just talking to myself.
Goodnight. son.
Aight. baby. tell me.
how does it feel after two days
of being a mom?
Um. honestly...
I'm excited here. -...it feels...
drum roll.
Uh. it feels perfect. babe.
It really does.
Yeah.
I knew it was a great idea.
I'm just so smart. And I
see why you married me now.
It makes sense.
Oh.
Because. like. I come up
with things like this.
Oh. wow. -And it makes sense now. baby.
Are we being cocky?
What? Huh? What?
I mean. we know it was your idea.
Clearly.
But it's only been two days
and I've heard horror stories
of people adopting kids.
Yeah.
But you also heard a lot of amazing ones.
Okay.
Right? Like for example.
Look at Colin Kaepernick.
Amazing story. right?
Yes.
But is everything football with you?
Yeah. Of course.
Yeah. it is.
No. I just... I mean.
I don't know if I'm doing a good job.
Like I wanna be the best mom.
I just don't know if I know how to be.
Baby.
Okay. listen.
You're already doing an amazing job.
Okay?
This has only been two days.
Give it some time. okay?
Look at you.
You're a beautiful woman.
That's a more beautiful mom.
And I'm your partner. Okay?
We got this.
Yeah.
Trust me. Just keep doing you. baby.
It'll all work out.
I love you.
Uh-hmm.
And I appreciate you
for always supporting me
and making me feel better.
Well. I am your husband.
You're my wife.
Yes. I am.
Uh-hmm.
And I'm always gonna support you.
I love you too.
I'mma always gonna make you...
Hmm.
Feel better.
Wow. it smells bomb in here. Mom.
Thank you.
You know your mom is a professional chef.
Really?
-Uh. well. not really.
but it was my dream.
I. like. wanted to be on one
of those reality TV shows
where the chefs compete. Yeah.
So then why didn't you do it?
Well. I just wanted a family more.
Which is why you're so special
because you were all we
needed to complete our family.
Really?
Really.
So then why didn't you have other kids?
Well. I have a condition
that doesn't allow me
to have kids of my own.
Which is why I'm so happy to have you
because you're the only child I ever need.
So then why didn't you adopt a baby?
Why aren't you
coming with the 21 questions?
Well. your father and I
thought long and hard about it.
And we thought it'd be
easier to raise a child
who's a little more independent.
You know. babies. they
require a lot of attention.
And with our lives and our schedules.
it would have been a challenge for us.
So I was the easiest choice?
No. No. It wasn't easy at all.
Your father and I thought long and hard
before we adopted you.
And honestly. we wanted to give you
the family that you deserve.
Plus. you can help me around the kitchen.
Now. can a baby do that?
No.
I love you. Mom.
Oh. I love you too. son.
You're so sweet.
Now. I'm serious about you
helping me in the kitchen.
You're gonna help me cook this dinner?
Sure. -All right. Wash your hands.
Okay.
Oh. I think this might be my best dish yet.
Smells. so good.
Okay. So I did some checking
on Dylan for you.
Oh. Lord. Diane.
I told you everything checked out fine.
You're right.
I asked Floyd to check into him and...
Hold on. you
asked your ex-boyfriend
to open up a closed file and he said yes?
Yes. girl.
- Floyd will do anything for me.
- Okay.
Why do you think everything
went so smoothly with Dylan?
Oh. my God.
Girl. he could lose his job.
Okay. Shh. Listen.
I gave him something for it.
Ooh. You're so nasty.
Wow.
Okay.
I'm sorry but I had to.
So. did you find anything?
I wasn't able to find any information
other than what was in the file.
Honestly. everything looks good.
See? I told you.
You know. Dylan is really a good kid.
And he was the right choice for us.
I hate to say it. but you're right.
- I know.
- But you know me.
- Uh-hmm.
- And I had to know.
I know you. You need to stop
watching the ID channel.
That's not gonna happen.
Oh. gosh. girl.
You're obsessed.
Okay.
Okay. So good news.
I'm taking my nephew Ryan for a week
while my sister is on a
cruise with her new bae.
He's just a couple years older than Dylan.
but I'm sure they'll get along perfectly.
No. That will be awesome
because I'm sure he gets bored
with just always being with
me and James. you know?
So that'll be good. He'll
get a kid connection.
Aww.
I love it. So cute.
Thank you. -Okay. Now kid connection.
let me tell you what Floyd
did to me last night.
Oh. no. no. no.
We're not talking about Floyd.
Mel!
I'm so sorry. I don't know
what to do. you gotta help me!
Calm down. okay? What happened?
I found your mom's gun
and we were just having some fun
and I accidentally shot him.
I think he's dead!
What the hell. Ryan!
I leave the house for 20
minutes and you killed him!
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Hello? 911. I...
What the hell. you guys!
That is not funny at all.
My bad. Mel. It was Dylan's idea.
Well. I'm gonna get you both back for this.
You're lucky you're cute
or I'll tell your mom.
And where did you find my mom's gun anyway.
Everyone knows your mom
hides it under her bed.
plus it's not even loaded.
Give it to me.
Okay.
Give it to me!
Okay. Okay.
Okay. You guys
shouldn't be playing with a gun.
That's dangerous.
Ryan. every time... every
time you come here.
something bad happens.
Not every time.
Every time. Ryan.
Anyway. my friends are coming over.
We're gonna go swimming.
Do you guys wanna come?
No. We're gonna play video games.
Okay.
Actually.
it would be kinda nice to swim.
It is kinda hot. don't you think. Ryan?
Whatever. Well. I'm gonna
go change in my swimsuit.
And I'm taking this with me.
Jeez.
Why'd you lie?
What you talking about. bro?
You told Mel it was my
idea when it was yours.
Come on now. don't get so in your feelings.
If I would've told her it was my idea
I would've got in trouble.
You're the little adopted
kid that everyone loves.
You couldn't even get in
trouble even if you tried.
Now come on. let's swim with the ladies.
Okay. I'm gonna go to the restroom first.
All right.
Dylan!
Oh. my gosh. I'm so sorry.
I was looking for the bathroom.
- I'm so sorry. I wasn't...
- It's cool.
Uh. you didn't see anything. did you?
No. Just your back.
I was walking by and you were...
I'm sorry.
Maybe you should close the door next time.
The last time I checked. this
was my house. little guy.
Next time you should
know where you're going.
Bathroom is upstairs that way.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Cannonball!
Ryan!
Wait. Where's Dylan?
He's in the house putting
his swimming trunks on.
Said he has to use the bathroom.
Again? -Who wanna play Marco Polo?
Dang. bro.
What happened to your legs?
Boy. What are you doing up. man?
It's past your bedtime.
But. Dad. it's only 7:00.
Plus. I didn't eat yet.
I don't care. you little sissy girl.
This food is for me and your mama.
I ain't making you nothing.
Now get your ass back to bed
before you make me mad. Again!
Fucking kid. -But. Dad. I'm hungry.
Shut up! And do what I say
or you're not gonna eat for another week.
Dad. please!
Boy. here's a little something. boy!
Go to bed! Do what I say!
This is my house!
Ronnie!
- You're gonna kill him. Stop!
- Shut the fuck up!
You see what you made me do?
Now nobody eats!
You was the worst mistake of my life!
I'm outta here.
Mommy.
Shut up. Dylan.
You're the reason why he's like this.
I wish you were never born.
It was an accident
when I was little.
A pot of grease spilled on my legs
when my dad was cooking.
Oh. my gosh. Dylan.
That's horrible.
It's all right. I was so
young. I barely even remember.
Man.
You're strong for surviving that. bro.
For real.
Come. hop in.
Yeah. Kat. I mean. Jackson. he's cute
but he's kinda weird. you know?
We... uh-hmm.
Yeah. Kat. Yeah. yeah. Girl. I gotta go.
Yeah. Goodnight.
Hi. Mom.
Hey. baby.
Uh. did you at least talk to Aunt Carrie
about what I saw the other day?
Melissa. honey. it is not my business
how Carrie and James live
their lives with Dylan.
I'm pretty sure they
know everything there is
to know about him.
I doubt
they know he was burned like that.
And the welts on his skin?
Mom. that boy was beaten.
I don't think that was an accident.
Listen. I talked to Carrie
about digging into his past.
She didn't listen. so I
did some digging myself.
Okay. Well. what did you find?
He checked out good.
Like I told Carrie.
there isn't much on his birth family.
He bounced around from
foster home to foster home
and now he's here.
I mean. did you at least
check out his last family or...
Yes. Melissa. leave it alone.
Dylan is a good kid and
he's in a good home now.
What he had in the past does not matter.
That's the past.
We don't wanna start digging up something
we might not wanna find.
Okay.
Melissa. leave it alone.
Mom.
I'm serious.
Okay.
Okay?
Goodnight.
- I love you.
- Love you too.
All right? Leave it alone.
- Phone on dresser.
- No more digging.
Okay.
Let it go.
Goodnight. Mom.
I love you.
I love you too.
Goodnight. baby.
This is fun.
Yeah.
Hey. bet you I can break the glass.
Well. of course if you
throw a rock at the glass.
it's gonna break. -Well.
it's probably illegal
because we're breaking glass
at the Pike Recreation Center.
Well. why would you wanna do it?
Because it's something
about doing something
knowing you could get caught.
but then you get away with it.
It's called having fun.
Something I'm trying to get you to do more.
Let's just go. man.
I'm not trying to get in trouble.
What's the worst that could happen?
Oh! Let's go!
Hey you!
What are you kids doing?
You're coming with me.
What were y'all thinking?
Y'all could have been arrested.
It was Dylan's idea.
He said he's been bored
so I took him to just see the building.
The sign said "no trespassing"
so I didn't wanna go in.
But Dylan said it would be fun
to go throw rocks at the window.
I'm sorry. Aunt Diane. It wasn't my fault.
Dylan. is this true?
I'm sorry. Dad. I'm sorry. Mom.
I'm sorry. Ms. Diane.
Can I go to my room?
Yes. son. you can.
I'm sorry. Diane.
I mean. Dylan is really a good kid.
I just don't know if
he's been bored lately.
if we're not spending enough time with him.
I don't know.
I'll talk to him.
Listen. We've all been teenagers once.
I know what it's like
when two kids get together
and get into trouble.
So please. tell Dylan it's okay.
No one's upset with him.
As for you. nephew.
you are on punishment until
your mother gets back.
We're going home.
Get up. Now.
Girl. Girl.
I'm sorry. okay?
I'll call you later.
No TV. no phone.
I cannot wait until his mother gets home.
I don't know what to do.
I'm gonna talk to him like we said.
Okay.
All right?
Why would you do that? You
should be more responsible.
You're older than him.
You had no business doing all that.
Let's go.
So. baby?
Uhhmm.
I don't know. Do you think
it would be a good idea?
I mean. Dylan would have a sibling.
It would teach him how to be a big brother
and teach him some responsibility.
Well. we have always
talked about a little girl
and I know you've always wanted one.
So...
what do you think?
I mean. yes!
Okay. Cool.
I mean. but would it really work?
I mean. our lives have
changed so much already
since we got Dylan.
Well. you know. I mean. baby. look.
We always wanted a family.
Right?
Yeah.
And think about it.
Other than the little trouble
that Dylan got in with Ryan.
it's been going pretty well.
Yeah.
Right?
So look. if you want a
girl. I'm all for it.
Yes!
Okay. So can you call Floyd tomorrow
and just. you know. put out some fillers.
check it out and see?
Yeah. I can do that. baby.
Thank you. baby.
Thank you.
Goodnight.
No. I'm gonna turn this way.
Okay.
Ooh.
So neither of you were
home when it happened?
Uh. I was upstairs
on the phone with my friend Kat
when I heard the shot.
Uh. my mom. she was at work.
And where do you work at. Mrs. Roland?
I'm a RN at Jackson Heights Medical.
Why do you own a gun. Mrs. Roland?
For protection.
My husband is a cop.
He always wanted me to have a gun.
But it was never loaded.
And where is your husband now?
He's not with
us as of five years ago.
Oh. I can't believe this.
I'm so sorry. Mrs. Roland.
Oh. God.
What happened to him?
What happened to Ryan?
What happened to my friend?
Every time I have a friend.
something bad happens.
Okay. son...
Knock. knock.
Come in.
Thank you.
How are you holding up. son?
I just don't understand.
Why? Why did this have to happen to him?
It's all my fault.
No. no. no. no. Don't say that.
It had nothing to do with you.
Can I tell you something?
Of course. Anything.
But you have to promise
it'll be our little secret.
I promise.
The first time I met Ryan.
he took me upstairs to Aunt Diane's room
and showed me the gun.
He said he wanted to
play a prank on Melissa.
But I told him not to touch the gun.
that it was dangerous.
But he convinced me to play along.
So we pretended that he shot
me and we scared Melissa.
But the gun wasn't loaded.
so I didn't think anything of it.
Then...
Uhhmm.
It's okay.
Finish telling me.
It was funny at the time.
but then after the joke was over.
he said he knew where
Diane hid the bullets.
But me and Melissa told him
not to play with the gun.
but he did anyway.
I just feel like if I was a better friend.
I could have told him not to.
But instead. I just left.
It's okay. okay?
The police said that it
was an accident. okay?
And he shot himself
and then he hit his head on the table.
Okay? So it was not your fault.
You were nowhere even around.
I know.
Winner.
Three. two. one.
This is what happens
when you lie on people!
I just wish I could have
been there to stop him.
It's gonna be okay.
It's okay. Shh.
I promise.
It's okay.
I am so sorry.
Don't talk to me. Diane!
This is your fault.
I am so sorry. Julie.
Don't sorry me.
If you would have been more responsible.
he would have never found your gun.
Please...
No! I hate you!
You're not my sister anymore!
What are you looking at?
Get out! Just leave!
Go! Now!
I'm so sorry. Mel.
Yeah. me too.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Guys. meet our newest family member.
This is Bella.
Hey.
A little sister? Wow.
I've always wanted a sister.
And now you have one.
Bella. this is your new brother. Dylan.
Nice to meet you. Bella.
Nice to meet you too. Dylan.
Who's this?
It's my teddy bear.
Her name is Fluffy.
Nice to meet you. Fluffy.
Let me touch her.
Don't touch her.
Oh.
She's just attached
to this teddy bear.
Sorry. Bella. I was just trying to be nice.
She's had it for years.
It just makes her feel
comfortable. you know?
Sorry. Bella.
It's okay.
Nice to meet you. brother.
Hey. Bella.
I'm James.
Are you my new dad?
I sure would love to be. if you let me.
Of course.
Really?
Yes. Give me a hug.
Goodness. Daddy we missed you.
Oh. my gosh. Let me fix her bow.
She is a daddy's girl.
Oh. no. You're a mom's girl.
Yes.
Oh my God.
Oh. my goodness.
You are so precious.
She is perfect.
- You are perfect.
- I love it.
Yeah. you could try that first. baby.
Just get the wine. okay?
I'll go over there. -I got this.
I got this.
Okay. All right.
- Thank you.
- You are welcome.
Let me taste it first.
♪ ...being together
Oh. I worked so hard on this.
I just hope the kids love it.
I think that's...
oh. look at them.
So we like all the plates on this side.
But what if I don't want
my plate on this side?
It doesn't matter because
that's how we do it.
Well. maybe I'll tell
Mom and Dad to change it.
Wow.
Dylan and Bella are getting
along just great. baby.
Dylan is such a sweet little boy.
Yeah.
And Bella. she just fit right in.
They're not your mom and dad yet.
You gotta earn that.
Well. they're not yours either.
Look here. little girl.
I am the child of this house.
and I can either make your
life good or a nightmare.
You choose.
- We'll see about that.
I think they're really hitting it off.
We did good.
This is the best idea ever. baby.
I mean. now. we can say
we're a real family.
Hmm. We were always a real family.
but now we're complete.
Complete.
I like that.
Yeah.
Here's to completeness.
Completeness.
Uh-hmm.
Peep this.
All right.
Thank you.
Did you make my favorite meat loaf tonight?
Oh. Well. not tonight. baby.
We wanted to make sure Bella
had her favorite too.
so we made chicken.
Yay.
But I don't like chicken.
What?
You feeling okay?
Yeah.
Since when don't you like chicken. son?
Since now.
Well. listen. son.
Bella needs to have her favorite too
just like you did. okay?
You're right.
Well. at least. I could say prayer.
Well. we think Bella should have a chance
to join in prayer time too.
But I always say prayer.
Well. that was before you
had a beautiful new sister.
So we need to learn how to
share in responsibility.
You know what? I'm not hungry anymore.
And this chicken looks dry.
Uh...
I see why you never
tried to be a real chef.
Hey.
This is bullshit.
Boy. you better... okay. you know what?
Yeah. -All right. You know what...
Oh. my.
I'm gonna talk to him.
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
No. baby.
No.
It's not your fault.
Dylan just has to get used to
there being another kid in the house.
That's all.
Right.
Okay?
Okay.
I'll. uh. I'm gonna go talk to him.
Yes. please.
You look beautiful.
Hey. son. Uh...
can I come in?
Did you ask Bella if it was okay?
Okay.
I get it.
And I understand what's going on here.
Dylan. look.
Dylan. I know this has
been an adjustment for you.
You're used to being the
only child around here.
But you should understand that
now we have another child.
You're the big brother.
You should wanna protect your sister.
just like I protect Mom. okay?
You don't know how it feels
and you don't understand anything.
because if you did. Bella wouldn't be here.
Now that's not fair to say. son.
Ever since Bella came.
everything has changed.
Bella gets to eat her favorite.
Bella gets to say prayer.
Bella this. Bella that.
What about Dylan?
Do I even exist anymore?
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Son. of course. you do.
And we love you very much.
But Bella is new.
so we've been trying to
make her feel comfortable
just like we wanted you to be.
So is this what you guys do?
Make the new kid comfortable
and then throw them away?
You two sound more like a
foster home than parents.
Wow.
Son. that. uh...
that hurt.
Look. obviously. you're in
your feelings right now.
So when you're ready to
talk. you let me know. okay?
Hey. son.
Hey. Dad.
I wanted to apologize for
the way I acted yesterday.
That's not like me.
I know. son.
And I appreciate you being
man enough to apologize.
It's just I had a sister before
when I was with my birth family
and I got treated like shit... oops.
I meant crap.
And all they did was
praise her and put me down.
So maybe I have a little
bit of PTSD from it.
Listen to me. son.
Whatever you went through in your past.
it's far gone. okay?
We're here now.
And your mother and I will never ever
let anything bad happen to you. okay?
Okay.
I'll give Bella a try.
I wanna be a good big brother.
I know she needs that.
Son. that's. uh.
that's great to hear.
Dap me up. Hey.
Come here.
You're pretty good at this game I see.
Yeah. I used to play this one all the time.
Ha-ha. I beat you again.
You suck.
This game is stupid.
I don't wanna play anymore.
Hey. What's going on in here. guys?
I was playing a game with Dylan
but he got mad at me 'cause I beat him.
Dylan. that's not nice.
You have to play nice with your sister.
She's a girl.
You're gonna believe her?
You're a liar.
Dylan. you're the big brother.
You have to set an example for your sister.
But this is my game.
I don't have to play with
her if I don't want to.
I was trying to be nice.
Yeah. but you need to learn
how to share your things
with your sister. okay?
Why don't you just believe that was Kelly?
Why does everything have to be my fault?
Because you're the older brother.
You're supposed to be
looking out for your sister.
She's a girl.
You should be setting a good example.
Now apologize to your sister.
I ain't saying shit for
something I didn't do.
You're right. Mom.
I'm the older one.
I should be setting the example.
Sorry. Bella.
It's okay. I'm sorry too.
Aw. See. that's how you guys
are supposed to treat each other.
Now hug and make up.
Aw.
Aw. that is so sweet.
See?
All right. Play nice.
Hey. Kat.
No. I wish.
My mom has me babysitting
the neighbor's kids.
Yeah. I could check. Hold on.
Dylan. you guys good?
Yeah. We're good.
Okay. I'm gonna go to
the kitchen real quick.
I'll be right back.
Kat? Yeah. I'm gonna go
check right now. Hold on.
Bella. get in the water.
It's not too deep at all.
But Mom said to stay in the shallow.
Come on. Bella.
It's just us.
I won't tell Mom.
Don't be a scaredy-cat.
I'm not scared.
Then prove it.
Swim over here with me.
Don't worry. I got you.
Come on. I got you.
I got you.
Hey. I got you. I got you.
Come on.
Dylan. go get my phone.
It's in the kitchen.
She's gonna be okay?
Dylan. go. okay?
Go call 911!
Come on. Bella. Come on. Come on.
Hey. you're okay.
Hey. hey. My God. You're okay. Bella.
Why couldn't we stay at the hospital?
Well. because they
wouldn't let us all stay.
I know you're worried about your sister
but she is gonna be okay. right?
Okay.
Now tell Mommy what happened again.
I told her not to go into the deep end.
Melissa went in to the house.
I turned my head for two seconds.
Next thing I know Bella's floating.
It all happened so fast. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Look. I know it wasn't your fault.
Are you sure Bella is gonna be okay?
Of course. she's gonna be okay.
The doctor said she just had
a little fluid in her lungs
but she was gonna be fine. okay?
And guess what? Her and
Daddy are coming home
either late tonight or
first thing in the morning.
so we gotta get to bed
and get some rest. okay?
Are you guys gonna give me
away just like everyone else?
Hey. don't talk like that.
No one is getting rid of you ever.
We love you.
It's gonna be okay.
You should've died.
I hate you.
Ever since you came.
all they do is love you.
They don't love me anymore.
But I'll make them all pay.
I promise.
Hey. Mel.
Dylan.
Gosh. you scared the hell out of me.
What do you want?
I wanted to check on you.
I know what happened to Bella scared you.
Yeah. How is she?
She's fine now. She's resting.
Lucky to still be breathing.
What do you want. Dylan?
I wanted to hang out.
Hang out. Dylan? You're 10.
I don't hang out with 10-year-olds.
I mean. it was different
when Ryan was still here.
but you see where us hanging
out got Bella. almost dead.
I...
I'm gonna tell my mom that I don't think
I should babysit you anymore.
What do you mean? I thought
you and me were friends.
We made a connection the other day
when you hugged me.
Connection? Dylan. you're 10 and I'm 17.
So?
There's no connection between us.
What do you...
I'm 11 now.
My birthday just passed.
You were at my party.
Ten. eleven. same thing. Dylan.
You were Ryan's friend. okay? Not mine.
And after what happened to him
and what almost happened to Bella.
I honestly don't think I
should see you anymore.
I'm sorry. Mel.
I just thought with
Ryan out of the way now.
we could hang out. just you and me.
I'm sorry. What did you just say?
I said I thought you and
me could hang out more now.
No. You said with Ryan out of the way.
Yeah. I mean. Ryan wasn't a great person.
He lied on me about
finding your mothers gun.
He got me in trouble with the police
when it was his idea.
I took the wrap for him
because I thought we were friends.
But I guess we weren't.
What are you saying. Dylan?
I'm saying Ryan got what he deserved.
Sometimes bad things happen to bad people.
Do you know what?
I don't think we should
hang out today. okay?
I have to help my mom
with some stuff and...
I can help you.
I don't need any help. no.
Look. plus. my boyfriend
is coming into town
so we'll be busy.
Boyfriend? You have a boyfriend?
Since when?
Since like forever now. Dylan.
Why haven't I ever met him?
Because he lives in Sacramento.
But he's coming in town this week.
I'm actually really
excited to see him. so...
I thought you and me were friends.
but it's clear to me now
that's not what you want.
Maybe you'll get what
you deserve like Ryan.
You can't do wrong to people
and expect to get away of it.
See you around. Melissa.
Dylan.
I mean. honestly.
I think there's something
really off with Dylan.
Isn't that obvious?
I'm sorry. You feel it too?
Of course. I mean.
you know. he's been struggling a bit
since Bella arrived.
I don't think it's Bella.
I think this is something way more serious
than a little sibling jealousy.
What are you talking about?
I think Dylan may have had
something to do with Ryan's death.
And I know... I know that sounds crazy
but. I mean. today at the pool
I think he might have admitted to it
and... I mean. he even threatened me.
Okay. Melissa. I think you might
be dealing with some trauma
with losing your cousin.
and I know that it's hard
losing a love one. okay?
Okay. but to blame something
like this on a kid.
that's taking it too far.
You don't understand.
Dylan told me that Ryan
got what he deserved.
That every time that they got
in trouble. it was Ryan's idea.
That bad things happened
to people like Ryan.
Aunt Carrie. please.
you have to believe me.
Melissa. Okay.
Listen. I appreciate your concern. okay?
But Dylan is a good kid.
And what I don't appreciate
is you blaming something like this on him
when it was your cousin who decided to play
with a loaded gun.
And Dylan always tried to tell me this.
that Ryan used to put things on him.
and now you're doing the same thing.
Mrs. Reynolds. please.
Okay. You have to listen to me.
I don't think that you can
watch our kids anymore.
Now you can go home. young lady.
And I will be talking to
James and Dylan about this.
You know what? Fine.
Hatfield Elementary.
How can I help you?
Hi. Yes. This is Melissa Rolands.
I'm looking for my cousin
who used to go there a couple years ago.
His name is Dylan but I
think he might have went
by a different last name then.
I do know that he was Student of the Year
a couple years ago.
Look. my mother. Diane.
she's just trying to figure this out.
He's been in and out of
the foster care system
and. you know. she's just
trying to get him out
and get custody of him.
We don't know where he is.
Do you... do you think you can help us?
As a matter of fact. yes. I can.
It's so awesome that people like you exist.
You know. so many kids go into
foster care without family
even so much as checking on them.
Bless your heart.
What'd you say your name was again?
Uh. yeah. Melissa Rolands.
Oh. yes.
I do have a Dylan Jordan who was in Mrs.
Houston's class
in 2022.
Oh. wow.
Oh. wow? Oh. wow what?
Um. this is a special case.
I'm sorry. I can't give
any more information
out on about this case.
Case? What case?
I'm sorry. You're
gonna have to contact
the San Diego Police Department
for any more information.
Okay. Okay. Thank you.
San Diego Police Department.
This is Officer Mitchell.
How can I help you?
Hi. Yes. I'd like to
keep my name anonymous.
but I'm wondering about a case.
The name is Dylan Jordan.
Can I place you on a brief hold?
Yeah. sure.
Miller. interesting call on line one.
Take a message.
You may wanna take this one.
Some girl calling about Dylan Jordan.
Hmm. Okay.
This is Detective Miller.
How can I help you?
Hi. My name is Melissa Rolands.
I'm wondering about a case.
The name is Dylan Jordan.
Uh. yeah. the Jordan case has
been closed for over a year now.
I understand.
Can you tell me exactly what happened?
Whoa. Is there a reason why
you want this information?
Yeah. It's important.
It's important? Okay.
I'm sure it's important and
I'm glad that it's important
but I need a little more information
on why do you feel like it's so important.
Dylan. he... he's my next-door neighbor.
The Reynolds adopted him.
But I just kinda wanna know what happened.
I mean. there's no history on this kid.
I just wanna know.
I saw all these burn scars and bruises.
whip scars on his legs.
I just wanna know what happened to him.
Uh. Dylan's family was
murdered right in front of him.
The kid told us that he identified some guy
with long hair that rode away on a bike
but no one was ever found.
so the case went cold.
What about his birth family?
Uh. no one knows.
Story is some cop picked him
up on the side of the road
when he was about six or seven.
The kid has been in the system ever since.
I mean. he's literally at my house
like every single day.
I just need to know what happened to him
and who did it. That's it.
Look. all I know is Dylan
told a few of the counselors
that his father was very abusive
and his mother let him do it.
And I'm guessing that's where the scars
and the burns come from.
But. uh. we have no record of his parents.
I mean. for all we know he could be making
the whole thing up or they could be dead.
We just... we just really don't know.
Okay. Should I...
is there anything I should know?
Like is he crazy? Should
I be worried about him?
Well. this kid has had
several psych evaluations
and they all come back clean.
Uh. you know. he's a good kid.
I'm glad he found a good family.
Okay. Uh. thank you. detective.
I guess I won't pry anymore.
Listen. between me and you.
I think the kid did it.
You know. when I... when I looked at him.
there was just something in his eyes.
It's just a gut feeling you could say.
Look. I'm actually gonna
give you my direct line.
If you see or hear anything
out of the ordinary.
you give me a call. okay?
I think something might
have already happened.
Is there something you wanna tell me?
I think Dylan might have killed my cousin.
I mean. it looked like
an accidental suicide
but. I don't know.
it just seems like
there's more to the story.
Like Dylan.
And he says he didn't do it
but I think he also tried to drown
his little sister in the pool.
And what makes you feel like that?
Like you. a gut feeling.
Listen. I think you should maybe
make your way up to Oakland
before anything else happens.
Hmm. that's about an
hour and a half flight.
You know what? Uh. give me the address.
Let me see what I can do.
6793 Maplewood Street.
Okay. All right.
Uh. I'm on it.
Thank you.
What's the deal?
I heard the convo.
about the little boy from last year.
Well. apparently. Dylan was adopted
by this girl's next-door neighbor.
Her cousin all the sudden dies
from an "accidental suicide"
and she thinks Dylan did it.
She also thinks that Dylan tried
to drown his sister in the pool.
So what do you think?
I think we need to get to Oakland.
Mom. Mom. I told you this kid was crazy.
"Hi. Mom. How was your day?"
Mom. I'm not joking. okay?
This is serious. You gotta listen to me.
I know you're not doing exactly
what I told you not to do?
Go digging into Dylan's past?
Yes. But I found out a
lot about this kid's past
that I think you and the Reynolds
should know about.
I promise. you are more and
more like your father every day.
He died investigating a
case he shouldn't have been.
I know. But he also died
doing what he felt was right.
okay. which is exactly what I'm
trying to do here right now.
what's right.
Okay. Tell me. What did you find out?
Well. first off. I think Dylan killed Ryan
but I can't prove it.
but I just know he did.
And I tried to tell Aunt Carrie about it
but she wouldn't listen to me.
So what are you saying?
I'm saying Dylan is crazy.
Okay. He killed Ryan. made
it look like an accident.
and then threatened me at the pool saying
that Ryan got what he
deserved and that I will too.
I'm calling the police.
Okay.
No. you're not.
Dylan.
I knew I couldn't trust you. Melissa.
I try to have an adult
conversation with you.
and what do you do?
Tell my mother on me? How dare you?
Then you call the cops?
That's crazy.
Dylan.
Sit down.
Dylan. you don't wanna hurt anyone. okay?
I actually don't. but your daughter here
couldn't leave it alone. so now I have to.
Dylan.
Dylan. what are you doing?
Mom. Mom. are you okay?
She'll live.
It's just her shoulder.
You don't have to be so dramatic.
Dylan. please stop!
What are you doing?
Dylan. we didn't do anything to you.
Well. you. no.
But your daughter here. she broke my heart.
Dylan. I'm sorry. okay?
I thought we were friends.
Really?
Because I clearly remember you telling me
that we weren't friends.
and that I shouldn't come over anymore.
and that your boyfriend
was coming into town.
blah. blah. blah.
No. look. I'm sorry. okay?
I'll be your friend.
I'll be your girlfriend.
whatever you want.
Please don't hurt me.
All I wanted was a family that loved me.
Somewhere where I could just be normal.
But. no.
things just never work
out for me like that.
And my parents had to get
a stupid little sister
and throw that in my face.
So now I'm gonna have to kill her
and kill them.
To be quite honest. I'm
tired of killing my family.
I'm sorry. Mel. I really liked you.
No.
Dylan. No! Dylan.
Mom.
Mom. no. no.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Okay.
911. What's your emergency?
He shot me.
He shot me and I think he killed my mom.
Okay. ma'am.
What's your address?
6792 Maple Street.
Okay. Stay with me. ma'am.
Help is on the way.
Please.
Please. I think she's...
Ma'am?
Ma'am? Hello?
Hey. Pops.
Hey. son. What you doing?
What is that. a toy gun you got there?
No. It's real.
It's real?
Dylan. what are you doing
with a real gun in the house?
We don't own a gun. son.
Where did you get that?
Uh-uh-uh. I got it from Diane.
Listen to me.
Back up!
Dylan. this isn't a game.
I need you to stop pointing
that gun at me.
Back up!
I know you're gonna give me away
once you find out what I did.
- What are you talking about?
- Melissa knows.
so I had to take care of her and Diane
because they were gonna
call the police on me.
Okay. son. And...
I said back up!
What do you mean take care of them. huh?
Oh. come on. Pops.
Don't be stupid.
I had to kill them.
just like the last family.
and the one before that.
and my real family before that.
Dylan.
And you're next.
Oh. Dad!
Come out. come out. wherever you are!
Get off me!
What's wrong with you?
I'm sorry. Dad.
Oh. Pops!
Come out. come out wherever you are!
There you go.
Hey. Mom. Hey. Bella. We had ice cream.
Son. what was that noise?
I was playing video games.
Oh. Is your dad here?
Dad's around here somewhere.
Okay. Good. 'cause I need to
talk to him about something.
About what?
Uh. Mommy and Daddy stuff.
Is he upstairs?
Yeah. He's upstairs. Let's go.
Let's go. All right.
Bella. open up now!
James!
James. please help!
Dad. I'm scared.
Baby. Come on. Let's go.
Come on. baby. Come on.
Mom. are you okay?
- James. please help. Oh. my God.
- Baby. what's going on?
What's wrong with you?
My leg. My leg.
I can't feel my leg. -Okay.
You're gonna be okay.
I think it's broken.
Baby. listen.
the police are on their way. okay?
I called them.
- All right. They should be here.
- Okay.
Baby. you okay?
- Bella. you okay. baby?
Okay. Daddy's here. Daddy's here. okay?
All right.
Okay.
Okay. That's it.
Freeze! Freeze!
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Okay. guys. guys. listen.
- Get on the ground now!
Get on the ground!
Wait. wait. wait.
Get on the ground! Sit down!
- You got the wrong guy!
- Get on the ground!
Listen to me.
Gun!
Wait!
♪ Nothing comes easy
♪ But my patience's running dry. oh ♪
♪ Oh. look at what you're doing ♪
♪ Oh. I don't know you. oh
♪ I don't know which
way to go. no. no. no ♪
♪ Can't believe we've come
this far. no. no. no. no ♪
♪ Broken. wounded
♪ Scarred from the things you did ♪
♪ But I'm stronger. stronger
♪ Stronger than ever before
♪ Stronger. stronger
♪ Stronger than ever be...
♪ Yeah. nothing comes easy
♪ But the stakes is running high. oh ♪
♪ Don't like what it's doing
♪ Don't wanna lose myself
♪ I'm trying to figure out what it is ♪
♪ Don't know which way to go. no. no. no ♪
♪ Can't believe we've come
this far. no. no. no. no ♪
♪ Broken. wounded
♪ Scarred from the things you did ♪
♪ But I'm stronger. stronger
♪ Stronger than ever before
♪ Stronger. stronger. stronger... ♪